hello hello girls welcome in this
I am going to share with you one
decoration for the nails of the feet
for beginners stay to see this
video give us home I will use this
little pink color to apply it in
each of my lines once I already
we paint our nails we will stay
this way now I'm going to use this
black color and I will use a pointer
of these little ones to do this
decoration let's make points the
first point I'll put it in corner
then in the center after his own
corner and so on
right away I will use a brush
thin like this we will take paint
black and we will be joining lines to the
points this way
let's analyze the brush in the form of
curve doing like a worm
in this way we will continue to unite
all the world points to another so
easy so simple let's go
filling all those empty spaces
we will add one more point that is
necessary to fill that free space
and so follow the sequence
This is one more idea to decorate
our nails in an easy and
fast
As you can see it is easy to handle the
brushes in this way only
we let slip smoothly and ready
and finally we review once again the
paint so that this is a bit more
marked
right away I'm going to use pebbles
decorative in pink
let's go putting the pebbles in
each of the points we made
with this detail of the pebbles until
that this decoration looks
how can you see this hard decoration
a long time to be done so it's super
fast and easy
this is how we end up
this decoration has been everything for today
girls these are the final results of
our decoration where the first one
is the one that looks in this decoration if still
you have not subscribed subscribe until the
next bye